Add Amazon SQS Connector Example (#1401)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/references/connectors/amazonsqs-connector/amazonsqs-connector-example.md

Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) is a fully managed message queuing service that allows you to run business applications and services so that the messaging is not dependent on the IT infrastructure itself. This means the messages can run and fail independently of each other in a way that does not cause slowdowns, system-wide faults, or a disturbance within the application. By using Amazon SQS, you can move data between distributed components of your applications that perform different tasks without losing messages or requiring each component to be always available.

The WSO2 Amazon SQS connector allows you to access the exposed API through the WSO2 EI. Through this connector, you can perform CRUD operations for queues in Amazon SQS instance, update permissions and can work with messages. For further reference please refer to [Amazon SQS API reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html).

## What you'll build

This example explains how to use Amazon SQS Connector to create a queue in the Amazon SQS, send a message to the queue, forward it to Simple Stock Quote Service Backend and send the response to the user. 

> It has single HTTP API resources, which is `sendToQueue`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It has a single HTTP API resource, which is `sendToQueue`. 
```

Author: Done

If you do not want to build this yourself, you can simply [get the project](#get-the-project) and run it.

## Setting up the environment 

1. Please follow the steps mentioned in the [Setting up the Amazon S3 Environment ](../amazons3-connector/amazons3-connector-config.md) document in order to create a Amazon account and obtain access key id and secret access key. Keep them saved to be used in the next steps.  

> 2. In this example we will be using xpath 2.0 which needs to enable in the product as below before starting the wso2-ei service. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In this example we will be using XPath 2.0, which needs to be enabled in the product as shown below before starting the WSO2 EI service. 
```

Author: Done

    If you are using EI 6, you can enable this property by uncommenting **synapse.xpath.dom.failover.enabled=true** property in PRODUCT-HOME/conf/synapse.properties file. 

>     If you are using EI7, you need to enable this property by adding the following to the PRODUCT-HOME/conf/deployment.toml file. You can further refer to the [Product Configurations](https://ei.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/micro-integrator/references/config-catalog/#http-transport).

Reviewer: Let's add EI 7 first.

Author: Done

    ```
      <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
      <sequence name="buildMessage" trace="disable" xmlns="http://ws.apache.org/ns/synapse">
          <property expression="json-eval($.companyName)" name="companyName" scope="default" type="STRING"/>
          <payloadFactory media-type="xml">
              <format>
                  <m0:getQuote xmlns:m0="http://services.samples">
                      <m0:request>
                          <m0:symbol>$1</m0:symbol>
                      </m0:request>
                  </m0:getQuote>
              </format>
              <args>
                  <arg evaluator="xml" expression="get-property('companyName')"/>
              </args>
          </payloadFactory>
          <header name="Action" scope="default" value="urn:getQuote"/>
          <enrich>
              <source clone="true" type="body"/>
              <target property="target_property" type="property"/>
          </enrich>
      </sequence>
    ```

> 3. Create the createQueue sequence as below. In this sequence we create a queue in the Amazon SQS instance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create the createQueue sequence as shown below. In this sequence, we create a queue in the Amazon SQS instance. 
```

Author: Done

  ```
    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
    <sequence name="createQueue" trace="disable" xmlns="http://ws.apache.org/ns/synapse">
        <amazonsqs.init>
            <accessKeyId>AKIAJRM3ROHOPXQ4V6QA</accessKeyId>
            <secretAccessKey>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</secretAccessKey>
            <version>2009-02-01</version>
            <region>us-east-2</region>
        </amazonsqs.init>
        <amazonsqs.createQueue>
            <queueName>{$ctx:queueName}</queueName>
        </amazonsqs.createQueue>
        <property expression="json-eval($.CreateQueueResponse.CreateQueueResult.QueueUrl)" name="queueURL" scope="default" type="STRING"/>
        <log level="custom">
            <property expression="$ctx:queueURL" name="queueURL"/>
        </log>
        <property expression="fn:substring($ctx:queueURL,39,12)" name="queueId" scope="default" type="STRING" xmlns:fn="http://www.w3.org/2005/xpath-functions"/>
        <log level="custom">
            <property expression="$ctx:queueId" name="queueId"/>
        </log>
    </sequence>
  ```

>   4. Create sendMessage sequence as below. In this sequence we send the message that we build in step 1 to the Amazon SQS Queue. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  4. Create sendMessage sequence as shown below. In this sequence, we send the message that we built in step 1 to the Amazon SQS Queue. 
```

Author: Done

    ```
      <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
      <sequence name="sendMessage" trace="disable" xmlns="http://ws.apache.org/ns/synapse">
          <amazonsqs.init>
              <accessKeyId>AKIAJRM3ROJKJJXQ4V6QA</accessKeyId>
              <secretAccessKey>r7hfmtqVjdwieILi4mq7MJ2kkUZ2GlcCkBNg</secretAccessKey>
              <version>2009-02-01</version>
              <region>us-east-2</region>
          </amazonsqs.init>
          <amazonsqs.sendMessage>
              <queueId>{$ctx:queueId}</queueId>
              <queueName>{$ctx:queueName}</queueName>
              <messageBody>{$ctx:target_property}</messageBody>
          </amazonsqs.sendMessage>
      </sequence>
    ```

>   5. Create the ReceiveAndForwardMessage sequence as below. In this sequence we will receive the message from the Amazon SQS queue and forward it into the StockQuote Endpoint. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  5. Create the ReceiveAndForwardMessage sequence as shown below. In this sequence, we will receive the message from the Amazon SQS queue and forward it into the StockQuote Endpoint. 
```

Author: Done

      <ns:return xmlns:ax21="http://services.samples/xsd" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:type="ax21:GetQuoteResponse">
          <ax21:change>4.233604086603518</ax21:change>
          <ax21:earnings>-8.707965767387106</ax21:earnings>
          <ax21:high>-150.5908765590026</ax21:high>
          <ax21:last>153.98353327622493</ax21:last>
          <ax21:lastTradeTimestamp>Wed Apr 08 10:38:56 IST 2020</ax21:lastTradeTimestamp>
          <ax21:low>158.9975778178183</ax21:low>
          <ax21:marketCap>-565228.6001002677</ax21:marketCap>
          <ax21:name>WSO2 Company</ax21:name>
          <ax21:open>-151.38099715271312</ax21:open>
          <ax21:peRatio>23.761940918708092</ax21:peRatio>
          <ax21:percentageChange>-2.8310759126772127</ax21:percentageChange>
          <ax21:prevClose>-149.5404650806414</ax21:prevClose>
          <ax21:symbol>WSO2</ax21:symbol>
          <ax21:volume>9834</ax21:volume>
      </ns:return>
  </ns:getQuoteResponse>
```

## What's Next

* You can deploy and run your project on [Docker](../../../setup/installation/run_in_docker.md) or [Kubernetes](../../../setup/installation/run_in_kubernetes.md).

> * To customize this example for your own scenario, see [ServiceNow Connector Configuration](file-connector-config.md) documentation for all operation details of the connector.

Reviewer: Let's remove this line.

Author: Done
